Move Python driver code on modeling2 from subversion into github repo TUV-x. (#122)
NCAR/tuv-x: docs/source/api/spectral_weights.rst

.. TUV-x Spectral Weidhts

Spectral Weights
================

> All spectral weights are built when they are requested in the configuration
> for this run of tuv-x. See :ref:`configuration-spectral-weights` for more information.

Reviewer: what about something like this?:
```suggestion
Spectral weights are used in the calculation of dose rates. All spectral weights are built from configuration data described here: :ref:`configuration-spectral-weights`.
```

> 

Reviewer: Do you think it would be useful to include an example of how to use spectral weight objects? I liked what you added for grids

Reviewer 2: Included now.
